# React Webpatform Templates

1. Glass morphism login page
https://www.instagram.com/p/Cx77TPXvPYN/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==
https://www.instagram.com/p/CxdJNdASSJG/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

Icons  : https://www.instagram.com/p/Cx9nRtYrHIO/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

CSS Animation
animate.css

2. CSS tables with details 
https://www.instagram.com/p/CwhtbFNtJw1/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

3. Button styles
https://www.instagram.com/reel/Cx8BZ-Ts3ES/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

4. Scroll sliders
https://www.instagram.com/reel/Cx6xCThv1LO/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

Swipers image sliders : https://www.instagram.com/reel/Cxp5WduvP28/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

Gallery
https://www.instagram.com/p/Ct8rEfBgPd4/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

Details cards
https://www.instagram.com/p/CttGEa4AB94/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

5. Animated tool bar
https://www.instagram.com/p/Cx55jaegLA-/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

6. Glow hover effect :
https://www.instagram.com/p/CwfGgU4No3M/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

7. Typing animation
https://www.instagram.com/reel/Cx0NUmUP6-K/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

8. Parallax scrolling effect
https://www.instagram.com/p/CvjoBmxADas/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

9. Responsive footer
https://www.instagram.com/p/CtGqzW5gOuh/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

10. Multistep registration form
https://www.instagram.com/reel/Cr3nrQptEd0/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

11. Weather app 
https://www.instagram.com/p/Cw-Cp3QvMBO/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

12.  CSS page loaders 
https://uiverse.io/loaders

13. Navbars
https://www.instagram.com/p/CxK9Iu_hQy-/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

14. Sidebars
https://www.instagram.com/p/Cx5Rwr9hqBo/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==
https://www.instagram.com/p/CvXBvb4t9V0/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==


15. Search filter
https://www.instagram.com/p/CxvFuEeP2ZU/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

16. Responsive layout in CSS
https://www.instagram.com/reel/Cx-S0Oft8qD/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

17. Animated cursor
https://www.instagram.com/p/CyFMzyZr8yg/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

18. Hover effect colored text
https://www.instagram.com/p/CyFUGJfr1gy/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

19. Footer social media
https://www.instagram.com/p/CyGKSlfLdqC/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

20. Modal animation
https://www.instagram.com/p/CyH3zBTrdCS/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

21. Input animation
https://www.instagram.com/reel/Cu7LHhogQmh/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

22. Navbars
https://www.instagram.com/p/CyJnkaRNSwm/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

23. Animated button
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CxuP-s5tEGh/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

24. Animated page
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CvAWO31rH14/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

25. Tabs
https://www.instagram.com/p/CyQsWAyNezL/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

26. Beautiful portfolio design
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CvMKB7xgHPv/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

27. Quiz using HTML CSS JS
https://www.instagram.com/p/CyN5yapvDt0/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

28. Website in 3D design with Dora
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CyOWYfttVEy/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

29. Word counter project
https://www.instagram.com/p/CyYONNGhBSS/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

30. Profile Card Hover
https://www.instagram.com/p/CyXMsGFPim5/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

31. Gradient Generator project
https://www.instagram.com/p/CyXW3n_rHIo/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

32. Shimmer effect
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CyYM6thvkBi/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

33. Multiselelct drop-down
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CyYP3ClP-MX/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

34. Input label anomation
https://www.instagram.com/p/CyXcM2ItHTz/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

35. Responsive grid layout
https://www.instagram.com/reel/Cx0Yl1kv1q9/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

36. Hovering glowing and change text
https://www.instagram.com/p/Cya8-O5PUJp/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

37. Footer animated background
https://www.instagram.com/p/CybJV5rNXhO/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

38. Animated menu
https://www.instagram.com/p/CyZ880YrZ5a/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

39. Menu with names animated
https://www.instagram.com/p/CwVAzeuPBYK/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

40.  OTP interface
https://www.instagram.com/p/CyZ7MGsh4_t/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

42. Frontend APIs to try out
https://www.instagram.com/p/CyYRP17t5T_/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

43. Horizontal loading animation
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CyauV45hLSS/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

44. Website portfolio
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CwmRMidrYBS/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

45. Loaders and spinners
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CwkpVZwP-En/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

46. Analog Clock
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CvKO2yGuQ_Y/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

47. Frontend tools
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CybUgGXtF0I/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

Scroll effect top navbar
https://www.instagram.com/p/CxnNHfOhCuF/?igsh=YjBhNHY1bTNpbzFr

48. Notification as title on the bar
https://www.instagram.com/reel/Cx00nRTyDNS/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

49. Navigation bar for account
https://www.instagram.com/p/CykypcaAIhJ/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

50. Hover menu underline effect
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CxLCX5uOjSE/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

51. Boxy Preloaders
https://www.instagram.com/p/CyiwVBTtTG5/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

52. Calculator App
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CvjfY47gnza/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

53. 3D Profile Card
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CwDEobrBtzw/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

54. Uplod button
https://www.instagram.com/reel/Cs0zf8Wga9Z/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

55. Toast notification
https://www.instagram.com/reel/Cssf2Yjgrbo/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

56. Unsubscribe button
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CsQCdhtABpy/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

57. Snackbar animation
https://www.instagram.com/p/CwZk_HfAIXB/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

58. Password input
https://www.instagram.com/p/CtbOxoSg90_/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

59. Custom cursor
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CtWDRt0gAWs/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

60. Login page
https://www.instagram.com/p/CtThf38AQ9Q/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

61. Microsoft Home page
https://www.instagram.com/p/Cyno44KPr4F/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

62. 9 dots menu
https://www.instagram.com/reel/Cx2uLdavAut/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CxK7ZUEPC9K/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

63. Avatars list
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CwxOChXPzpN/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

64. Loading animation button
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CxagBllrSMy/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

65. Magic cursor dust 
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CvxCWhus4bc/?igshid=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

66. Expandable sidebars
https://www.instagram.com/p/Cyv6LJWtls3/?igshid oh=NjIwNzIyMDk2Mg==

67.  Hacker login UI
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CyvW0vzvDse/?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==

68. HTML CSS loader 
https://www.instagram.com/reel/Cy0fNP6LeTr/?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==

69. Table Design
https://www.instagram.com/p/CyxiDQggjjZ/?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==

70. Animated curved side bar
https://www.instagram.com/p/Cyw4Jd1y8qs/?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==

71. Sliding tab animation
https://www.instagram.com/p/Cy22fm3hBjx/?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==

72. Grid template for entire page
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CzD9Qqetcne/?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==

73. OTP verification
https://www.instagram.com/p/CzEDQbGP7aO/?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==

74. Hover effect animation card
https://www.instagram.com/p/CylB-M7NHOV/?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==

75. Login sign up form
https://www.instagram.com/p/Cy0tf4nPiqt/?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==

76. Sidenav bar 
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CvoWfLDtp67/?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==

77.  Capta code
https://www.instagram.com/p/Cy8a2gsthXH/?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==

78. Countdown timer code
https://www.instagram.com/p/CyYWkPLvJaK/?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==

78. Profile card responsive
https://www.instagram.com/p/Cyia8zCPyDS/?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==

79. Sidenav
https://www.instagram.com/p/C0EM6PiAi1P/?igshid=ODhhZWM5NmIwOQ==

This project contains React Components that are usable for any interface project. Design inspired by : https://github.com/adrianhajdin/project_hoobank
